#summary An RC Multiplexer for Self-Driving Rovers

= Introduction =

When your robot is about to crash, the RC Multiplexer for Rovers lets you take control of your self-driving robot. The 3-channel mux is a dedicated board that keeps running even if your MCU doesn't.

= Source =

 * [https://code.google.com/p/bot-thoughts-ugv/source/browse/#svn%2Ftrunk%2FElectronics%2FRC_MUX Schematics]
 * [https://code.google.com/p/bot-thoughts-ugv/source/browse/#svn%2Ftrunk%2FSoftware%2FRC_MUX Firmware]

= Instructions =

 * Use #2 hardware to install
 * Pins are labelled with channel (1, 2, 3)
 * Ports are color coded with R/C colors. 
   * Yellow/White: signal
   * Red = 5V
   * Black = GND
 * Connect "R/C" ports to the R/C Transmitter (TX)
 * Connect "MCU" ports to the microcontroller (autopilot)
 * Connect "OUT" ports to the outputs: ESC, Steering, etc.
 * What is your ESC's BEC output?
   * 5.5-6V: place the jumper in the 6V position
   * 5V: place the jumper in the 5V position
 * TBD: configuring board for CH1 or CH3 switchover

The board is powered by the BEC which means you must turn on your ESC to turn on the Mux board. The Mux board distributes power to everything connected; you can design your autopilot board to draw power from the BEC with no additional wires needed.

= Programming =

The ATtiny13 onboard can be reprogrammed. Pins for ISP are labeled on the bottom of the board: VTG, GND, SCK, !RESET, GND, MISO, and MOSI. Connect an AVR programmer, use your favorite IDE, download the code (sources above), modify and reprogram to your heart's content